fixes 1 13 (#472)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/retention-analysis/en/retention-analysis-interpret.md

Return On retention tells you the percentage of users that came back to trigger your return event **on a specific day** after triggering your starting event. The retention value for day 7, for example, tells you the percentage of users who returned on day 7 after their first use.

> Regardless of whether you are looking at retention for all users or for specific cohort entry dates, Amplitude will use only one method to calculate Return On retention (unlike [Return On or After](#return-on-or-after-formerly-known-as-unbounded)). Both the chart and the first row of the breakdown table below it show overall retention by default.

Author: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether you are looking at retention for all users or for specific cohort entry dates, Amplitude uses only one method to calculate Return On retention (unlike [Return On or After](#return-on-or-after-formerly-known-as-unbounded)). Both the chart and the first row of the breakdown table below it show overall retention by default.
```
